# Manual Image Registration using Control Points
A source code in C++ and Qt IDE for manual registration of two images, named reference and moving. This code contains two transformation types: Affine and Homography, all of which implemented using open source OpenCV library in C++. /this application is useful for those aiming to create a ground truth dataset for testing their automatic registration algorithms. Many helpful features are added to facilitate creating ground truth dataset, along with saving all the parameters generated by the transforamtion method.

## Requirements for Source Code Compilation
- Opencv 3.1 (a complied version with extra modules. The OpenCV does not include some required funtions when it is downloaded for SourgeForge. A compile using Cmake is required to add other extra requirements provided in the extra modules. I you cannot complile the OpenCV with your own setting, please send me an E-mail (m.jalalat@gmail.com) to share a pre-built version with you.
- Qt 5.X (e.g. 5.8 or higher)

## Pre-Built Binaries

A pre-built binary of the code is available [here](https://github.com/mortezajalalat/Manual-Image-Registration-Using-Control-Points/blob/master/Pre-Built%20Binaries.zip) for those unwilling to compile the code from scratch.

Before running the .exe file, you can see an screen capture of the UI provided in the "Pre-Built Binaries.zip"

## Requirements for executing Pre-built Binaries

- Visual Studio 2013 redistributable for Windows 7 x86.
- Visual Studio 2012 redistributable for Windows 7 x86.

## User Manual

In order to get more details about the usage of the application please refer to the [User Manual](https://github.com/mortezajalalat/Manual-Image-Registration-Using-Control-Points/blob/master/User%20Manual.pdf) and the comments put inside the source code.

## Acknowledgement

I thanks Mrs Zahra Khojasteh and Miss Fatemeh Moein for their help with testing and finalizing the code.

## An Easy Way for your Feedback
I gratefully accept any bug report or suggestion for improving the performance and making the code more reusable. Please feel free to contact me via m.jalalat@gmail.com E-mail.
